Written by: Filip David-Liviu FOICA SERBAN-GEORGE. Giga Catalin GREHOLEA DENIS, Gosa Bogdan

Papanasul that killed JFK ! Once upon a time there was a papanash
He had a cherry topping from Brasil. He was very furious about the state of the economy in America.
He decided to finally take action and go against the state.
His main enemy nr 1 is John F. Kennedy, 35th president of the USA.
Guide him in his mission to take him out! 

Was afraid of Piedone ( :o ). He was once a member of the Romanian Communist Party

1 
He starts his day off in the fryer (air-fryer cause he is poor) in Romania. A humble young boy. 
He travels to New York.
    2 -> He travels by plane
    3 -> He travels by Sea
    4 -> He teleports

2
Airport security time! 
What does Papanash have in his suitcase (vry professional)
    200 -> machine gun >:), 
    201 -> another papanash
    202 -> nothind
    203 -> passport

3
Our Papanas takes a passenger ship in the port of Constanta. On his way, the ship stops in Istanbul.
He dreamt of eating a local kebab but he doesnt have the turkish lira. 
He decides to:
    301 -> Steal from a man 
    302 -> Steal from a woman
    
301
He sees an old hungry man in the shipyard standing on a bench. He goes to him and introduces himself.
The old man is stunned when he hears him talk, but this doesn't stop him from trying to grab him so he can 
eat him. This papanas is no ordinary papanas, he is skilled in the arts of fighting.
    303 -> he rolls through his sleve and knoks him down with an uppercut
    304 -> he pulls out a gun and shoots the man
    305 -> he talks the man out of the idea
303
Papanas surprises the old man with his bold move and knoks him down in one hit, gets his wallet but surprisee,
no money in there. Afraid of not being caught the papanas goes back to his cruise hungry and dissapointed (see 320)
304 
When the old man sees the pistol comming his way he disrupts the simulation and doges the bullets. Before our papanas can bat an eye 
he is grabed and eaten by this old hungry man.
305 
He stops the man right before he can eat him and he tels him about his family and the beautifull papanas children, about his dream of 
going to the USA, and about EATING KEBAB. the old man is moved by the kebab story so he choses to help the papanas so they go togheter to the bank
to extract money.
    306 -> steal his credit card and run
    307 -> be peacefull
306
when we get to the bank the papanas takes a peak and memorises the old mans credit card pin. Right after the old man got his money
the papanas attacks with an uppercut but its to slow and the old man grabs him and eats him, dissapointed in his betrail.
307
They happily go and eat the kebab!

4
He teleports right into the Oval Office, but instead of JFK, he lands on a confused cat sitting on the president's desk.
The cat looks at him and meows, "You got the wrong address, buddy!" 
Papanasul, now, in a very special situation, has to decide if he should:
    5 -> Starts fighting the cat
    6 -> Apologize to the cat and ask for directions
    7 -> Papanasul unlocks his inner magic powers

200
Mister policeman and Papanash have insane, crazy anime battle for machine gun, but ultimately the police guy
is dead in the end. Papanash boards the planbe.
    204 -> terrorism!
    GO TO 4 -> Papanash, after fainting upon boarding the plane wakes up in Targoviste so he decides to teleport 

201
Mister policeman : "Oh no no passport, yummy papanash tho, you sure no have passport?"
   GO TO 2

202
Mister policeman : "Oh no no passport, you sure no have passport, check pockets?"
   GO TO 2

203
Police Man : "Cool buddy! Go in"
    GO TO 204 -> Machine gun was hidden the whole time !!!
    205 -> Papanash takes the flight normally

204 
The Papanash boards the plane. He has not only multiple machine guns, but also explosives. Because this is before 9/11, he is allowed to. TSA does not exist in this current time. As Einstein said, space and time man. He looks upon everyone and says. I am the greater good for this country.

I am:
  2041 -> the liberator
  2042 -> *spontaneously combusts, because of his many many explosives he has on board. The plane crashes somewhere over Spain. PAPANASH DIES*


302
He sees a short lady looking through the glass of a purse shop. 'An easy target!' he says to himself.
He slowly and menacingly approaches her, but right in the last moment he turns around. Turns out she was a very beautiful Sarma.
Surprised, she says furious some words in turkish.
He decides:
    310 -> As a proud citizen of the Romanian nation decides to mimic some turkish gibberish and yell back
    301 -> Cower in fear of the turkish woman and decides to steal from a man.

310
The woman slaps him with her purse. Then she slaps him again. Then again. Papanas falls to the ground.
She leaves, but very dizzy, he gets up, but stumbles right in the shady alley behind the shop. Felling heavy, he falls again,
but this time his head hits a pipe and it cracks. He dies in a god forgotten street in Inbstanbul.


5
Papanasul, fueled by adrenaline, lunges at the cat, but the feline swiftly dodges, leaving him to crash into the desk. 
The cat, now amused, flicks its tail and says, "Is that all you've got? I've faced tougher mice!" 
Realizing he needs a new strategy, Papanasul decides to charm the cat with a dance, hoping to win its favor instead of a fight.

    501 -> Papanasul performs an elaborate dance, captivating the cat with his moves.
    502 -> Papanasul offers the cat a piece of his kebab in hopes of winning its trust.

2041
I am the liberator! *baby cries* Papanash has a speech about how he will liberate the people in America, because he is tired of living in such conditions. (Btw, he is romanian). He remembers about Batalia de la Podu Inalt, but he doesnt know details so he stops.
Papanash takes control over the cockpit and tells the pilot to drive to Florida. The pilot dies of confusion. Papanash is left to drive the plane. Because he has 2100 hours in Microsoft Flight Simulator, he breaks the spine of only 12 passengers on landing. But before he gets to walk on American soil, he gets arrested
Frustrated, he decides to teleport
GO TO 4

501
Papanasul begins to dance, but his moves are so ridiculous that the cat can't help but laugh. 
"Is that a dance or a seizure?" the cat chuckles, rolling on the desk. 
Papanasul, embarrassed, trips over his own feet and lands face-first into the kebab, 
mumbling, "At least I have good taste!" 
The cat, now in stitches, replies, "You might want to stick to stealing, buddy!"

